OSS AI CoE Demo - intake, triage and review flows for OSSAICoEDemo, version 1.0.0.0

WHAT THIS IS
The live OSS governance flows (OSS CloudWave Dashboard Demo 1.0.0.8, exported 2026-09-23) re-pointed
at a new site, as a separate solution so they install beside the existing flows instead of replacing
them:
  Site:        https://osscontact.sharepoint.com/sites/OSSAICoEDemo
  Recipients:  Brian.Frerichs@osscontact.com;samuel.conrad@osscontact.com
               (intake receipts, information requests, approvals, expiry notices, weekly digest and
               the configured default approver)
  Decisions:   the AI CoE Decisions row records the email of whoever answered the approval.
               The approval is "first to respond": either of you can approve or decline.
Everything else in the five flows is unchanged from the live export; the shared builder's checks prove it.
Flows are packaged OFF. Nothing here was imported, saved or run.

BEFORE YOU START
1. The site must exist. This package creates lists, not the site. Use a communication site at
   https://osscontact.sharepoint.com/sites/OSSAICoEDemo with you as an owner.
2. Add the front-door app to the site (Site contents > New > App). That creates AI CoE Pilot
   Intakes, AI CoE Pilot Decisions and AI CoE Pilot Policies; the flows below create the rest.

IMPORT
3. make.powerautomate.com > the OSS environment that already runs the Claude draft flow >
   Solutions > Import > OSSAICoEDemo_1_0_0_0.zip (leave it zipped). Expect "OSS AI CoE Demo",
   1.0.0.0, unmanaged, publisher OSS CloudWave Demo (the existing one).
4. Map the three connection references to existing connections:
     OSS AI CoE Demo SharePoint          -> a SharePoint connection that is an owner of the new site
     OSS AI CoE Demo Office 365 Outlook  -> the mailbox the notices should come from
     OSS AI CoE Demo Approvals           -> an Approvals connection
   If the request lists get item-level security, the SharePoint connection needs Full Control or
   Design on them, or it will only see its own rows.

PROVISION THE LISTS (once)
5. Open "OSS AI CoE Demo — SharePoint Provisioning", Save without changes, turn it On, Run it once,
   check the run succeeded, then turn it Off. It creates AI CoE Use Cases, AI CoE Decisions,
   AI CoE Configuration and the other core lists, and seeds DefaultApproverEmail/NotificationEmail
   with both addresses. Stop on any permission or schema error; do not rerun blindly.

TURN ON THE INTAKE CHAIN
6. Open each, Save without changes, and turn it On:
     OSS AI CoE Demo — Intake Processing     (every 5 minutes; receipt to both of you)
     OSS AI CoE Demo — Triage and Routing    (every 10 minutes; Ready for Review or Needs Information)
     OSS AI CoE Demo — Review and Decision   (every 15 minutes; approval to both, 5-day timeout)
   Leave "OSS AI CoE Demo — Weekly Portfolio Control" Off unless you want the Monday 08:00 Eastern
   digest (to both of you).

THE OLD SITE
7. The existing "OSS Demo —" flows keep processing CloudWaveDashboardDemo until you turn them Off.
   They never touch the new site and these never touch the old one. Turn the old ones Off when you
   no longer need that demo; they are not deleted by this package.

WHAT TO CHECK ON THE FIRST RUN
- Review and Decision: after an approval, the new AI CoE Decisions row's ApproverEmail should be
  the responder's address. That expression is new relative to the live export; if the column comes
  back empty, send the run's output of "Start and wait for an approval".

REBUILD AND RE-CHECK
  python ../AI_CoE_Governance_Flow_Builder/build_solution.py --target ossaicoedemo
  python ../AI_CoE_Governance_Flow_Builder/checks.py --target ossaicoedemo --write-verification
The shared builder's baseline is the live 1.0.0.8 export (SHA-256 checked).
VERIFICATION.json records the ZIP hash, IDs and check results.
